Port 3352 update docs for ci (#253)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/ci-cd/jenkins-deployment/examples.md

## Relation example

> In the following example you will update the `example-image` entity which you created when creating the `ciJob` entity shown in the previous example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example you will update the `example-image` entity that was automatically created when creating the `ciJob` entity shown in the previous example.
```
